Need to make changes in the opinions of the search in book you can see for example if I read something
like that well you can't you cannot click in this one.
So the magnifying glass thing work and what are going to create are wrong.
And that's what we're going to change the opinions for these input.
So here's what I'm gonna open teams up in the style that's uses we're gonna write some SEUS is right
here and I'm going to change these two search butan.
And when I inspect these you can use the inspector to identify this electoral race you for example you
can see that on Blagg we have the site search so we can copy these and paste racist.
So what are going to Outhwaite going to remove that background color or as you can see some gray we're
going to change that to transpire and save these and reload so you can see we remove the color then
you can see with the border and that's been printed using our bookshelves.
What's going to change bookshelves to not to remove that border that now we can get rid of the water
that next on line to our border.
And I'm going to add to bits some solace in what I'm going to use the same color the pink color.
One is to A and no and you can see we have the water like these next.
For example I'm going to use border radius.
So we're want to use one of them up left radios in the pieces in their bottom left radios 20 pixels.
So save these and Ryno this is going to give us these border right here right here.
Next I want to remove the magnifying glass.
So if I inspect these you can see that this is before element.
So we can copy these impales right here.
And we're going to have these plate none.
So these will remove these from the from the search area and you can see looking nice.
And finally you can see that here on the first peg right here we have a lot of weariness based on the
length.
So I want to remove that and I went up in and I'm going to have one am and I'm going I said this is
important so read all of these
and then you can see we removed that area on the left.
So this is looking nice.
Next I want to bring in the magnifying glass with a button.
So right here we have this impot to meet and you can see here we have these yeses applied fears what
could be the selector pays.
So MySpace
and we're going to you can see here we have keep you from movies you can see we have this search.
So we're going to use clip on set and this will remove the clip number.
And you can see now we have the next I'm going inspect this again.
I want to place the search button on the right so when I use right zero you can see here we have left
zero so we need to change that left out.
So now we can save this under load you can see we place these on the right say next I want to change
the background color and break it I'm going to have background color and I'm going to use the same color
as the water that
Ryno and you can see this is looking nice.
Next I want to make this a little bigger because you can see here we're missing some space.
I'm going to add a kite 100 percent and reload.
So this is looking nice instead of having this search tags.
I went to bring out the magnifying glass that xes on.
Awesome.
For example if I open the search form that we saw in the video you can see that we have these inputs
submit and this print in the Valley will search right.
The main difference between an input should meet and a boat on so it is that they input submit on only
printed text.
If you use a button you can print and imagine an icon or something as well.
So we're going to put them then.
And then when it closes.
Remove this then when we're done close in time that requires the opening and closing dock to copy system
in page right.
You fairly low key here you can see that the color is your friend.
The magnifying glass is there but the car is different.
And that's happening because we chance butan you can see here we have input and killed a chance to work
on.
So we need to change these to put on you save this and relo
so you can see that color is fine.
Now bloodworm is in the position.
The problem is that the position absolute and the top and left and everything was carried from previews
selectors.
So we need to out position absolute top zero outsole and relo.
So now you can see we have a new search and you search simple and this looks a little nicer so you can
come get.
Then click it right here and he's going to work.
So this is how you make changes in these.
And remember that you can also change the placeholder and everything.
This was a nice example of something that can be done.
You've seen them play and see is this.